README.md, before:

## Adaptive Feature Aggregation Centric Enhance Network for Accurate and Fast Monocular 3D Object Detection
The respository is for AFACENet. The paper is submmit to IEEE Transections on Instrument and Meansurement. The paper is under review. The repository is still in progress.

## Overall architecture
![image](https://github.com/PengWei-Lin/AFACENet/blob/main/pic/377734717_3568350886770723_955616644508864195_n.png)

## Detection result
![image](https://github.com/PengWei-Lin/AFACENet/blob/main/pic/377268711_2331490857034091_4453226347110264732_n.png)

## Model link
[Our model](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zUgyva-F8SX_YwBInAypGsnGioDbmLKS/view?usp=sharing)

## Model training
./ddd_3dop.sh

or

python3 main.py --task ddd --exp_id 3dop_dlap_head_test --arch dlapheadtest_34 --head_conv 256 --dataset kitti --kitti_split 3dop --batch_size 20 --num_epochs 100 --lr_step 45,60,70,80,90 --gpus 0 --num_workers 20

note: you can change the configuration in ddd_3dop.sh

## Model demostration
./Monocular_3D_Detection_demo.sh

or

python3 ./src/demo.py --task ddd --arch dlapreason_34 --load_model ./exp/ddd/3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc/model_last.pth --dataset kitti --demo single_image_image_folder_or_video

note: you can change the configuration in Monocular_3D_Detection_demo.sh

## Model evaluation
./test

or

python3 test.py --task ddd --exp_id 3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc --arch dlapreason_34 --dataset kitti --kitti_split 3dop --debug 4 --load_model ../exp/ddd/3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc/model_last.pth

note: you can change the configuration in test.sh

## References
[1] [CenterNet](https://github.com/xingyizhou/CenterNet)

[2] [SFA3D](https://github.com/maudzung/SFA3D)

[3] [MobileViT](https://github.com/huggingface/pytorch-image-models/blob/main/timm/models/mobilevit.py)

[4] [MobileFormer](https://github.com/kevinz8866/MobileFormer)

[5] [Vision Transformer with Deformable Attention](https://github.com/LeapLabTHU/DAT/tree/main)

[6] [VovNetv2](https://github.com/youngwanLEE/vovnet-detectron2)

[7] [ECANet](https://github.com/BangguWu/ECANet/blob/master/models/eca_module.py?fbclid=IwAR305bvvHYF-q6SupbMvTtMkm0rAqMBjMCeIhC-HB6lFEPw5saEhqoIz3ZU)

[8] [Dynamic Convolution](https://github.com/kaijieshi7/Dynamic-convolution-Pytorch)

[9] [MobileNetv3](https://github.com/YaphetS-X/CenterNet-MobileNetV3)

[10] [CSPNet](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/263555330)

[11] [HRNet](https://github.com/HRNet/HRNet-Semantic-Segmentation/tree/HRNet-OCR)

Commit message:

repository and bash description update

README.md, after:

## Adaptive Feature Aggregation Centric Enhance Network for Accurate and Fast Monocular 3D Object Detection
The respository is for AFACENet. The paper is submmit to IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement. The paper is under review.

## Overall architecture
![image](https://github.com/PengWei-Lin/AFACENet/blob/main/pic/377734717_3568350886770723_955616644508864195_n.png)

## Detection result
![image](https://github.com/PengWei-Lin/AFACENet/blob/main/pic/377268711_2331490857034091_4453226347110264732_n.png)

## Model link
[Our model](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zUgyva-F8SX_YwBInAypGsnGioDbmLKS/view?usp=sharing)

## Model training
./ddd_3dop.sh

or

python3 main.py --task ddd --exp_id 3dop_dlap_head_test --arch dlapheadtest_34 --head_conv 256 --dataset kitti --kitti_split 3dop --batch_size 20 --num_epochs 100 --lr_step 45,60,70,80,90 --gpus 0 --num_workers 20

note: You can change the configuration in ddd_3dop.sh or the command

## Model demostration
./Monocular_3D_Detection_demo.sh

or

python3 ./src/demo.py --task ddd --arch dlapreason_34 --load_model ./exp/ddd/3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc/model_last.pth --dataset kitti --demo single_image_image_folder_or_video

note: You can change the configuration in Monocular_3D_Detection_demo.sh or the command

## Model evaluation
./test

or

python3 test.py --task ddd --exp_id 3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc --arch dlapreason_34 --dataset kitti --kitti_split 3dop --debug 4 --load_model ../exp/ddd/3dop_dlap_reasonable_nc/model_last.pth

note: You can change the configuration in test.sh or the command

## References
[1] [CenterNet](https://github.com/xingyizhou/CenterNet)

[2] [SFA3D](https://github.com/maudzung/SFA3D)

[3] [MobileViT](https://github.com/huggingface/pytorch-image-models/blob/main/timm/models/mobilevit.py)

[4] [MobileFormer](https://github.com/kevinz8866/MobileFormer)

[5] [Vision Transformer with Deformable Attention](https://github.com/LeapLabTHU/DAT/tree/main)

[6] [VovNetv2](https://github.com/youngwanLEE/vovnet-detectron2)

[7] [ECANet](https://github.com/BangguWu/ECANet/blob/master/models/eca_module.py?fbclid=IwAR305bvvHYF-q6SupbMvTtMkm0rAqMBjMCeIhC-HB6lFEPw5saEhqoIz3ZU)

[8] [Dynamic Convolution](https://github.com/kaijieshi7/Dynamic-convolution-Pytorch)

[9] [MobileNetv3](https://github.com/YaphetS-X/CenterNet-MobileNetV3)

[10] [CSPNet](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/263555330)

[11] [HRNet](https://github.com/HRNet/HRNet-Semantic-Segmentation/tree/HRNet-OCR)
